Computer Control — Literal Payload Fidelity micro-PoC v45

Observed issue
--------------
The semantic planner can correctly choose INPUT while rewriting the INPUT text.
A physically relevant example is terminal punctuation loss:

  task payload:  Ciao RumiAI.
  planner text:  Ciao RumiAI

The executor and ComputerControl.setText() already pass intent.text without
trimming it. The loss therefore occurs before the executor, at the semantic
planner boundary.

v45
---
Separate semantic intent from literal payload data.

For an explicit terminal payload introduced by a colon, for example:

  Crea un nuovo documento di testo e scrivi: Ciao RumiAI.

RumiAI now:

  1. lets the LLM decide that INPUT is required;
  2. extracts the explicit payload deterministically from the original task;
  3. after plan normalization, replaces INPUT.text with the original payload
     only when the plan contains exactly one unambiguous INPUT;
  4. sends that preserved text unchanged to the existing executor/setText path.

Supported explicit markers in this micro-PoC:

  Italian: scrivi:, digita:, inserisci:, immetti:
  English: write:, type:, enter:, input:

Optional literal markers such as "scrivi esattamente:" and "write exactly:"
are also recognized.

Invariant
---------
The LLM decides WHAT. Explicit payload data is not semantic material and must
not be paraphrased, normalized or repaired by the LLM.

Safety boundary
---------------
If the normalized plan contains zero INPUT intents or more than one INPUT
intent, v45 does not guess which step owns the payload and does not apply the
repair.

No Computer Control API, setText verification semantics, clear semantics,
Provider behavior, recovery logic, backend selection, or runtime lifecycle is
changed.

Static regression
-----------------
Input raw planner output:

  INPUT text = "Ciao RumiAI"

Task:

  Crea un nuovo documento di testo e scrivi: Ciao RumiAI.

Expected normalized INPUT:

  text = "Ciao RumiAI."

Physical retest
---------------
Recommended task:

  Crea un nuovo documento di testo e scrivi: Ciao RumiAI.

Expected evidence:

  [payload] kind=INPUT | source=task-literal | ... | applied=true
  plan INPUT text contains the final period
  TextEdit physically contains exactly:

    Ciao RumiAI.

The build remains NOT VALIDATED until the physical Mac test passes.
